I open an ideason of data journalism than I call it data journalism
Attempts to communicate social problems more visually by incorporating data analysis
Present the problem through the three days in line with the awareness that each Asahi Shimbun reporter has
The
Continue to produce content and application services such as commentaries on with you
I think I want to do
me
ways to do
How is a
But can a variety jpg Saidaiji
I What'm that do not know that in a time-division was said to confirmation column
Leo Niño's now an example and say Boo Boo Which one
I think the interesting even if perhaps that result those who selfishly appearance of what to do
The old days there Datte fictitious I was there a reason to say
Kotcha such Akon'nusu
Maybe
Tsuiya' Tei
hauhau
I would like you to announce the iron from home
I might still underdeveloped country soccer What Japan really Why do not you this check Tsuen
If you see something that looks like you 'll come out and you can see Kei when you hold it in ar like this
Or
It is the interface to the map of Japan can be seen in the kindergarten it is that Tteyuu
For example, point
When the Te should win the 920 in their 30s and true refused completed Once you have something like in net Tamogami support layer
What kind of thing is it? In fact, its tendency, characteristics, etc. What kind of person is likely to be socially
Or
Luo team is this time in the target that the prediction of more than Nate Silver
Nice to meet you 1 a 4 e
goo